The Gaming Room is a gaming company that has developed a gaming application called Draw It or Lose It. The game has one or more teams with multiple players that have unique team names. Their main goal was to develop a web-based version of their game application.
<br>
I think I determined and anaylzed the design constraints particularly well in writing Draw It Or Lose It's software design document. Writing the design constraints helped me visualize what was necessary for the application, and what roadblocks The Gaming Room would run into during their conversion to a web-based application. Refining the requirements was a key asset when developing the code for Draw It or Lose It. I saw clearly what was required, and it guided me during my development. Most notable is the need for the web game's memory to hold one instance of the game at a time. Each instance is then created through the implementation of unique identifiers for each game, team, and player. Each game has multiple teams, and each team has multiple players. This helped me with the modularized format of the code, especially with the visualization of each needed class (Game.java, Team.java, Player.java).
<br>I would revise my evaluation section. I do not think I wrote enough characteristics for each operating platform. More research into multiple sources would have fleshed out my evaluation much more and given more credit to my final recommendations. 
<br>I interpreted the user's needs through the development of the application's core requirements, and its design constraints. I realized that game, team, and player names must be unique, and that start/pause menus were necessary for the user to navigate through the game. Writing the design constraints also allowed me to think about UI/UX design principles, which are core to the user experience of any application.
<br>To design the software, I re-read The Gaming Room's presented ideas for the new application. Once I knew that the application needed one instance of a game, and within that instance some teams and players, I was able to visualize the application's structure clearly in my head. In the future, when I analyze and design a similar software application again, I would use the same tactic of understanding the software requirements to their core. Understanding them, then rewriting them clearly in bullet points, allowed me to develop the program smoothly. Making a clear design document is thus a necessary structure for developing any application, and I plan to continue designing such documents for my future application endeavors.
